EPISODE 5
Care to play?
It'd be rude to decline.
How do you want to do this?
- Nice!
- Sweet!
Nice shot!
Who is that? So menacing!
Who cares? He's got no chance anyway.
Nai is only at 50 percent now.
Wait, why does he look so familiar?
I've got it!
He's from Foreign Languages Department.
Named Cao...
Cao Guang! He's a genius, too!
A face-off between two geniuses.
A basketball face-off.
He's a foreign languages major.
Why didn't he pick English oration?
He must be nutty.
Dude!
Nai is a freak who excels
in foreign languages, too. Okay?
If they go head-to-head,
you never know who'll win.
But I know, with basketball,
Cao Guang is definitely going down.
Let's go.
Nai, why did he challenge you
to a one-on-one?
I think Cao Guang is courting
our department belle.
- Bei Weiwei?
- Yeah, Xiaoling told me.
What are you doing, Nai?
One more game. I was too easy on him.
I can feel the intensity.
I can feel that the weather's turned.
Get up.
What? Hold on. Breaking news!
Xiao Nai has moved back to the dorm.
We can occasionally take a stroll
to the basketball court now.
- Weiwei and I already knew that.
- What?
Why didn't you report back such big news?
- You two are on water duty tomorrow.
- Right!
I'll get it later.
The other day, Erxi and I
accidentally saw him reject a girl.
It gives me the chills,
just thinking about it.
Xiao Nai was so cold, so merciless,
so unreasonable.
Why do you care? He didn't reject you.
I'm in the same position.
I can feel her pain.
I've got to take a sip of milk tea,
to warm my frail soul.
How did he reject her? Who was she?
I don't know.
She handed him a love letter.
He walked off without even looking at her.
So much attitude!
I wonder who's Xiao Nai's cup of tea.
I feel kind of bad for telling Cao Guang
that I liked Xiao Nai.
Never mind.
Lord Xiao Nai will never know anyway.
Come to the foot of Mount Cangcui
and kill the boss.
Be right there.
Which boss?
Meng Dongxing.
We're in luck today!
We were just meditating and sunbathing
at the foot of the mountain,
when this elusive boss, Meng Dongxing,
fell into our laps!
Come, let's attack together.
Mrs. Nai, don't stay out of this.
You guys go ahead. If I join in,
his attack value will increase.
Why's that?
If a female player attacks him alone,
his attack value will lower by half,
to go easy on the girl.
If both male and female players
attack him,
he'll raise the attack value by half,
out of jealousy.
Is that so?
Will the thrill
of all-male players' attack
increase his attack value?
I hear he likes to harass female players.
I've never seen it, though.
Mrs. Nai, give him a slash
and let us see.
Okay. Get ready, then.
A pretty girl out here
playing with knives,
instead of staying put indoors?
Why don't you be my girl?
I'll make sure you have the best of life.
What? That's naked solicitation!
How dare you do that to Mrs. Nai? Off him!
What is it? If it's equipment,
give it to Mrs. Nai.
If I give this to Mrs. Nai,
Nai will kill me for sure.
No way! Nai is in a great mood today.
I noticed it, too.
What's the reward?
Nai's asking. I'll report back.
Men's hair.
It's the hair of a princess's lover,
neutral property.
We're truly in luck today.
We got this kind of equipment as reward.
It's still better than getting
Dongfang Bubai's castration knife.
Right. Also better than getting
Emei Granny's foot-binding cloths.
Right? They hadn't been washed in years!
Say,
did we get that equipment
because we annihilated
Meng Dongxing?
Not really.
- It must be because of this schmuck.
- Cruel.
Why is Mrs. Nai so quiet?
Are you disappointed?
No, I've been around for so long,
I'm indifferent to fame and wealth.
Why does that sound so familiar?
It's something Nai would say.
No, Nai isn't like that.
Naihe is never openly narcissistic.
He's only quietly narcissistic.
Lie with dogs, you'll get fleas.
I should keep her away from you three.
Yes, I've been influenced by you guys.
Anyway, I was thinking about
the video thing.
For the video contest?
Fighting Meng Dongxing gave me an idea.
I want to make a video, too.
Sure. We're available whenever.
Have you come up with a plot?
Yes, but it's very sensational.
I'm all ears.
Guzheng Player encounters Girl Bandit
in the woods, en route to the capital.
Girl Bandit kidnaps him
and takes him back to their lair.
Girl Bandit falls in love with
Guzheng Player.
She lavishes him with affection,
but Guzheng Player is unhappy.
Time to eat!
Let's eat.
My grandpa was a bandit.
My father was a bandit.
So, I was born to be a bandit.
I know of nothing but to be a bandit,
nor do I know what else to do.
Every single person here is a bandit.
You detest me so,
but I've never killed anyone.
I'm not the worst, but of course,
I'm still bad.
I'd like to raise some chickens and ducks,
as the girls at the foot of the mountain,
who rise to work at dawn
and return home to rest at dusk;
living in peace and tranquility.
But it's just a dream
that will never come to pass.
Leave here.
I set you free.
Girl Bandit releases him,
but she is sad to see him go,
so she surreptitiously trails him.
A monster appears in the woods
unexpectedly and attacks Guzheng player.
Girl Bandit is hurt,
while saving Guzheng Player.
After that, Guzheng Player accepts
Girl Bandit's love.
They return to the lair to get married.
My Lord, you have had a rough time.
Now we have wiped out the bandits,
folks here will finally live in peace.
My Lord, you deserve all the credit.
You didn't have to kill her, My Lord.
Instead of spending the rest of her life
hating me, I'd rather that she's dead.
Maybe it ends with Guzheng Player jumping
off of a cliff, following her death,
because he suddenly realizes
he's in love with her?
What do you think?
Pretty good. Let's go with it.
You really think so?
I don't have many lines. We'll start
shooting once the script is done.
You're up early every day!
Oh, no! Bandits!
What do you want, Girl Bandit? Speak!
I own this mountain,
I planted these trees.
For a safe passage through,
leave the man as tribute.
- Bro! Are you hurt?
- What's the matter, bro?
Have you no heart?
Can't you help me get up?
Bro, I'll help you
after I'm done laughing.
We're laughing so hard.
He fell off the chair.
Do you all live together?
We share the same dorm.
Naihe is a student, just like me?
Why do I find that a bit incredulous?
I must tell you, though,
Naihe often stays out all night.
You should rein him in.
He's not home during the day, either.
He never shows up on campus.
Hide your socks. I plan to live on campus
until the end of the semester.
- Don't come back!
Don't come back!
Do boys really keep dirty socks
for 10 days to half a month?
Isn't that normal?
We're Science & Engineering guys!
Nai is the anomaly,
because he has no stinky socks.
Yugong, you talked about
hacking computers before.
Are you guys computer majors?
Correct!
What a coincidence! Me too!
Are you a techy girl?
She could be a dude.
Crap! Computer majors are 90 percent boys
and 10 percent girls.
You're so fierce.
Are you a techy boy in real life?
Fierce? Really? I mean the robbery speech.
No. It's good.
It has the effect of rousing the deaf
and startling the blind.
"Rousing the deaf
and startling the blind"?
I wonder if Yugong's old literature
teachers would cry, if they find out
he's butchering the arts.
It's good,
but you might want to change the line,
"leave the man as tribute."
There are four men here.
Who knows which one you want?
The viewers could be confused. Right?
Don't change it.
There won't be any confusion.
Don't change it?
Why not?
You're not worthy of being kidnapped.
- What?
- Guys!
Get him.
I haven't robbed you yet,
and the in-fighting has already begun!
- Don't forget to bring me yummy food!
- Sure!
- Bye-bye.
- Bei Weiwei?
- Do you want anything to eat, Weiwei?
- No, thanks.
- Bye-bye!
- Bye-bye.
"Huantian Xidi"? Great name.
Welcome to Pujia Village.
I'm Village Chief Pu.
I'll teach you amazing tricks to help you
navigate this world.
You have exceptional physique
and rare talent.
- If you work hard, you'll be a big shot.
- What's all this nonsense?
What should I do?
Um...
I'll make a name for myself in this world.
I'll defeat bullies and help the weak,
stand up for the underdog.
I'll live a life of debauchery
in this world.
I'll drink and eat meat,
like there's no tomorrow.
Follow me to the village entrance
and kill some monsters!
That's amazing!
As long as you clear your head,
you can do the same.
Village Chief,
I thought you said I could do it.
It's a nice day out.
I should go walk about.
Help!
I died again, Weiwei! Come help me!
Didn't you want to do this on your own?
Please forget I said that.
I already died several times,
just taking on my first monster.
The first monster?
Don't tell me it's the little monster
outside Pujia Village?
- Let me see.
- What little monster?
There are so many around.
Is this monster considered little?
They're ganging up on me.
It's a bug in the game!
Don't laugh at me. Help me!
I'll watch and learn from behind you.
A shoulder rub?
Pay attention now.
You're amazing, Weiwei!
Kill a few more.
I didn't get a clear view.
Put some muscle into it.
The door's open. Come in!
Hello, there!
Care for some facial masks?
They're made with all-natural mung beans.
Interested?
Girls, I'm putting myself through college.
These are student-friendly prices.
It's a great deal!
I've used the mung bean ones.
They're good.
- I'll take two. How much are they?
- Great! 180 exact.
Hold on.
Here you go.
Awesome! You're playing an online game?
What is it? It looks fun.
"A Chinese Ghost Story." It's good.
I'll try it out, too.
Well... I should go.
If you like the masks,
I'm at Dorm 304. Come by anytime.
- Bye-bye!
- Bye-bye.
Class Leader Cao, Huantian Xidi
is Bei Weiwei's handle.
She's playing "A Chinese Ghost Story."
Don't forget our deal!
I won't. Thanks.
I lost the basketball game,
but I won't lose Bei Weiwei.
This is the personnel adjustment plan
annotated by Mr. Zhen.
He wants you to type up a new document,
by tomorrow.
- Thanks, Ms. Meng.
- No problem. It's my job.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Also, Mr. Zhen told me,
I should look into the progress
on the internship hires.
We just eliminated a batch.
We'll discuss with interviewers,
and select the most suitable ones
from the remaining candidates.
Nicely done. Let me take a look.
Um...
BEI WEIWEI
Yiran, I ran into Bei Weiwei
and Cao Guang at the cafeteria today.
Bei Weiwei and Cao Guang?
What were they doing together?
That's not the point. What matters is
that I overheard Bei Weiwei saying,
she has a crush on Xiao Nai.
You should be careful, Yiran.
Guys fall left and right
for girls like Bei Weiwei.
Not to mention, she's a computer major.
You'd better watch out.
Forget this one.
I don't think she's appropriate.
These, too. Eliminate them altogether.
They're all computer majors
from Qing University!
Okay.
Are you busy?
Not really. What's up?
Do you have time for a game?
Please don't sit next to me and watch.
I don't like it
when people watch me play Go.
So many pet peeves!
You don't want to be embarrassed,
when you lose to our son?
See? You know nothing!
Anyway, when have I ever lost?
Of course, you don't lose.
You always quit,
right before you're about to lose.
Hey!
Look at your mother!
Dad, your bad sportsmanship
is indeed worrisome.
I want to speak to you
about serious matters.
Xiao Nai, you've always had a strong mind.
I have a lot of faith in you,
but nowadays,
you're putting all of your talent
into making games.
Isn't that a waste of your gift?
Dad, what's the objective behind
the ancient written texts that say,
"Impart Knowledge
and Cultivate Individuals"?
To preach, teach, explain,
publish one's own research results,
communicate one's own ideas and ideals.
For me, it's the same
with developing games:
to communicate my opinions
and perspectives,
only through a different medium.
I want to articulate a world I've imagined
through the medium of gaming,
which is more lively and more relatable.
Of course, mainly,
it's due to my own interest.
It's your turn.
What you're saying makes sense.
I was too narrow-minded.
- I support you.
- Thanks, Dad.
Developing games is only a plan
I've set for myself before I turn 25.
It's not a lifelong goal.
Okay, let's play.
I'll attend your elective class next week.
Why?
I hear the attendance isn't very high.
I'll help you with attendance.
I hear Professor Xiao is Xiao Nai's dad.
Why are there so few people here?
It doesn't really matter.
Xiao Nai doesn't attend his class.
Professor Xiao's lectures
are boring anyway.
Is this seat taken?
No.
ISN'T THIS THE ELUSIVE XIAO NAI?
I'M GOING TO SIT IN THE SEAT
THAT XIAO NAI HAS TOUCHED.
I CAN FINALLY SEE XIAO NAI IN PERSON.
WHICH CLASSROOM? I'M COMING OVER.
WHY AREN'T I ON CAMPUS?
I MISSED HIM AGAIN! I WANT TO DIE.
PLEASE, I NEED THE COORDINATES.
Xiao Nai? He's in history class?
GOT IT. RUSHING OVER NOW.
PLEASE TELL ME...
HURRY! I WANT TO SEE XIAO NAI.
I'm not really used to seeing
so many students in my class.
I'm wondering
if you're really here for my lecture.
Yes.
Good.
I want to believe you,
given a basic trust of people,
but I'd still like to test you guys.
I gave you an assignment
at the end of my last lecture.
Does everyone still remember?
I'd like one of you to answer that.
Who has the answer?
The female student
sitting next to the boy
in the white shirt.
- The girl in red.
- Me?
Yes, you.
Last time, Professor spoke of
The Han Tombs of Mawangdui.
I did some research after class.
Of the relics from Mawangdui,
what piqued my interest the most
isn't the Plain Gauze Gown,
or the T-shape Silk Painting,
but the medical manuscripts on silk.
I think our most precious relics are
the 10 volumes of medical manuscripts.
For example, 52 Remedies
were written before
the academically recognized
Medical Classic of the Yellow Emperor.
I found out that some of the remedies
have been approved by medical schools.
That means, some of the medical knowledge
in 52 Remedies is accurate
and still applicable today.
The application of ancient knowledge
is the raison d'être of archaeology.
Unfortunately, though,
the silk manuscripts are damaged
and many remedies are lost to us.
Looks like I'm down on luck today.
I called on a student
who's actually been to my class.
Okay, let's continue with the lecture.
But, I'd still like you guys
to keep your attention focused on me.
I was quite handsome in my day, too.
We believe you, Professor.
Let's stop here for today.
I hope to see all of you again next time.
Thanks.
We'll be here, Professor.
You want to get out?
Sisi, the aroma from your milk tea
is severely hampering my game.
Hurry and make me a glass.
If you want some, just say so.
Don't make excuses.
That's more like it.
What's the matter, Weiwei?
What's wrong?
Professor Xiao's son showed up
at his elective class today.
Xiao Nai?
- Seriously?
- For real?
And, he sat right next to me.
Why are you so lucky? Stinky Weiwei!
You're awful, Weiwei!
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
I missed out
on seeing the elusive Xiao Nai!
Got any pictures? Let me see!
Did you forget? I lost my phone.
Why haven't you replaced it?
Check the forum.
There's got to be photos on the forum!
I'll lick the screen!
You should've gone to class with me.
I didn't get in that class.
Professor Xiao's class is so easy to pass.
Who doesn't want it?
I got stupid Movie Appreciation instead
and ran into that unpleasant worm.
My butt hurt for days!
Weiwei. Did you talk to Xiao Nai?
You lucked out big time.
Did you ask for his phone number?
You just might be Xiao Nai's cup of tea!
I don't have that skill.
What? It's an amazing opportunity,
and you didn't even say a word?
Excuse me! I said two words.
"No" and "Thanks."
It's hopeless.
That face on you is a total waste.
Next time! I'll work on that skill.
I'll go get water.
Tell me everything again, Weiwei!
- Come on!
- You lucked out big time, Weiwei!
Hush!
Xiao Nai spoke to you first?
You're such a lucky girl!
- Low-key.
- Why do you need to be low-key?
Xiao Nai, how can I run into you,
at my most beautiful moment?
Xiao Nai...
Weiwei, next time you see him,
you must speak more, take more photos!
Speak more and take more photos!
The high bar girl in movie class
knows Bei Weiwei?
Isn't that your goddess?
Hurry and help her carry the water!
Go on!
No, I've got another idea.
- Let's go.
- Come on.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan